OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/main/aspnet/integrationsteps.md

Depending on the `AuthenticationResponse.AuthenticationStatus` value, you need to handle the response accordingly:

For a successful user sign-in
(`AuthenticationResponse.AuthenticationStatus = Success`), do the following:

> 1. Store the response tokens into the session (for example, using a cookie) so that the tokens can be used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Store the response tokens into the session (for example, by using a cookie) so that the tokens can be used in
```

   subsequent calls to the SDK. The sample code uses `Microsoft.Owin.Security.IAuthenticationManager.SignIn` to persist these tokens.

> 1. Optional. Using the tokens returned from `AuthenticateAsync`, pull the user's basic profile information. See [Get the user profile information](#get-the-user-profile-information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional. Use the tokens returned from `AuthenticateAsync`to pull the user's basic profile information. See [Get the user profile information](#get-the-user-profile-information).
```
